Shi Yun, you are so arrogant when you are about to die
Isn't one of yours my brother Longyan Pool?
He has now been defeated by the Red Camp
I now have the help of the Phoenix Hall
Hmph, it's too late for you to kneel and beg for mercy now
Just him
It can also represent the Phoenix Hall
I have no eyes
It's just a dog that the owner doesn't even know
Pardon me?
How dare you humiliate me?
Humiliate the Phoenix Hall
I will kill you here today
With the prestige of my Phoenix Hall
The prestige of the Phoenix Hall
It was forged with the blood of those defenders
It's you bullies
Bring it to fake tiger power
Don't believe in my life
Prove it to you
Cloud smoke
Don't worry.
I, Shi Yun, went to the battlefield at the age of 17
Hold Fengming to recover the frontier
Chen Weixi in a formal robe
Iron bone
Li Qiankun
If you say that you and other rats are beyond their capabilities
Even if you look at the entire Xuanggu
No one dares to fight me
Pick it up
Meet His Royal Highness the Warlord
you
Who comes first?